[THEME MUSIC]
>> The holistic world of healing
includes plants and herbs,
channeling energy, as well as
both spiritual and physical
modalities.
Healers are
multidimensional beings
who dance between the realms
of the seen and unseen.
These individuals
have the ability
to facilitate a shift in
people, offering them insight
and support, reconnecting people
with themselves and the greater
collective, healing the
world one person at a time.
Healing from the other side.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Ever since I can remember,
I've been obsessed with
numbers.
And when I remember
writing the numbers one
through nine as a small child,
I remember thinking five
is so blue.
I have such an affection
for number five.
It was so round and friendly.
Eight is green and nine is
warm, like orange or red.
And I thought that
was everybody.
I thought everybody had
an affection for numbers
and had a color associated
with a number, a taste,
even a smell.
Some numbers have
a smell for me.
And I realized that
I wasn't alone,
but it wasn't as
common as I thought.
I remember looking at
numbers with fond affection,
simply because we have
phone numbers, we have ages,
we age, and we have
a number that we
own each year of our life.
And every time I
met a new person,
I'd ask them either what
their phone number was,
where they lived, what number
on the street they lived.
I would play with
numbers in the traffic,
in terms of your number plates.
And I just so enjoyed
messing around with numbers,
subtracting them,
adding them, and seeing
what other numbers came up.
And what I learned to
do quite organically
is I'd take a big number like
15, and I'd add one and five
and get six.
And then I would hold
onto that number,
and that number would be
how I would remember 15
in a sequence.
And I became really good
at remembering long number
sequences.
So phone numbers
became simple for me.
Every single person
I met, I would
memorize their phone number.
Obviously, today we
don't need to do that,
because we have cell phones
that do it all for us.
But I really, really enjoyed
testing my brain on that level.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The more I grew in
affection for numbers,
the more I realized that I
had an intuitive connection
to each number.
And I understood from
some of my readings
that the universe
hangs in lawful balance
against the number nine, and
all numbers reduced to nine.
And that really excited me.
It made me look deeper into
the meaning of each number.
Numerous number systems
have given insight
into how we
experience the world.
>> Numerology can be
traced back to 500 BC,
spanning from the ancient
Greek Pythagorean triangle
to traditional Chinese medicine.
It conceptualizes a mystical
relationship between numbers
and occurrences.
It is believed that studying
numbers and number patterns
can unlock secrets to
the universe as well
as the human mind.
>> When I learned that there is
something called the human pin
code and even Dan Millman's
number system and how we can
use that as a toolkit to
really understand our talents
and our predispositions,
I thought, you know what?
This is next level.
This is numbers
on another level.
So I started investigating and
reading absolutely everything
I could on numbers.
This got me going.
In my 15th and 16th
year, I started
looking at everybody
in terms of numbers--
their birthdays, the
year they were born.
And I started looking
at systems that
would help me read
people more effectively
through their numbers.
And today, I'm super
excited, because I'll
be reading Robbie's
numbers and giving him
some advice on how to better
use his talent toolkit,
as I put it.
Everyone needs
mediation, and everybody
looks for guidance
somewhere along the line.
And I believe that numbers
can give you insight
into the way you experience
the world and a fairly
objective approach, actually.
So I find numbers
nonprescriptive.
It's not about fortune telling.
It's more about knowing
and looking at yourself
and seeing how you
show up in the world,
so that you can best use your
numbers to your advantage
for your best future.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi.
My name is Rob.
I'm 52 years old, and recently,
I made some major life changes.
So I thought I'd
come today and maybe
get some guidance with the
changes that I've made.
When I had my numbers done
before, a friend of mine
did it for me, but she didn't
really go into much depth.
So I thought today,
especially having
made these changes in my life
that maybe we can get some more
depth and some guidance
having made these changes
and what possibly the
future would hold for me.
>> So it's always super exciting
to read somebody new's numbers.
A total stranger,
somebody you love--
just to be able to use
numbers as a system,
an objective system.
And that's what I love so
much about number systems,
because they're able to
help you navigate so much
emotional terrain that
sometimes you don't want
to burden anybody else with.
Just by looking at
the numbers, you
have tools to look at
things more abstractly,
and in that way, we can deal
with very emotional topics
and very deep topics.
So I found numbers super
healing in my life.
And for those that I
speak to and consult with,
in terms of mediating how
they step into the world.
Because numbers,
they're nonprescriptive.
They don't delineate how
you're to do your next step.
They simply give
you a set of tools
to make better and more
informed decisions about how
to participate in the world.
>> So I've never
met Kendall before,
but I think today should
be very interesting.
I'm quite excited to meet her
and see what she has to say.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi, Robbie.
So I'm so excited to
do a numbers today,
and all I need is your birthday.
>> 17th of March.
17 of the third.
>> '69.
>> 1969.
OK, so just before we
start, so that you know,
don't be afraid that
I'm trying to read
your future or your fortune.
I'm really just
looking at numbers
to assist you with your
toolkit for your talents,
for your life's experience
to know how to operate
more efficiently in the world.
So knowing yourself
more effectively
helps you make better decisions.
So some of the things
I say will go, ah,
I know that about
myself already.
But sometimes, hearing
it from someone else just
makes the difference, right?
So off the bat, I'm
looking at this,
and I'm saying, OK,
so you're a complex.
You're a complex eight.
17 adds up to 8.
1 and 7 is 8.
So that's your you number.
And the system that I'm
using today is Dan Millman.
So I love the Dan Millman system
because each of these numbers
mean something.
And we read them in
relation to each other.
And we also read them
in relation to the year
that you're having,
next year, and in
relation to other people.
So really, you're
a complex eight.
You'd have a raw
eight in the month.
You would have the 8th
of March, for example.
You'd have the 18th
of March, and you'd
have the 26th of March.
So you are the 17th, making
you a fairly complex eight,
made up of a one and a seven.
So one stands for
origination and creativity
and profound confidence
and oration, so speaking.
So actually, there's an
aspect of authority there.
You like to be the boss.
You would prefer not
to work for others.
You'd prefer to work alone.
That's one aspect
of who you are.
The seven is trust and openness.
So you actually face
the world with a sense
of trust and openness, which can
get you into trouble at times.
OK, so there's a
sweetness to seven
but also a profound journey,
primarily spiritual journey.
Actually, seven is associated
with spiritual learning,
spiritual understanding,
and growth
on a spiritual
journey of some kind.
So you're eight up top.
Innately, eight stands
for abundance and power.
So if you know that
about yourself,
you can say, oh, I step into
today in abundance and power.
And if we divide it up into
your one and your seven,
you can say, all right, how do
I offer my experience in my one
and seven?
How do I make
meaning out of today,
which is the spiritual depth
that comes from your seven?
The three is your family number.
So this looks like a typical
star of David or a Magen David.
So we're doing your
archetypal numbers and then
your shadow numbers
at the same time,
because all numbers
reduce to nine.
So when I look at this system of
three in your family quadrant,
I say what adds up
to nine with three?
Six.
So six is the shadow number, OK?
So in your family space, I know
that if six is in the shadow,
six stands for vision
and acceptance and also
family responsibility.
So I know you have a lot
of family responsibility
already, OK?
The three, however,
in a family space
is expression and sensitivity.
So that's how you show
up in your family.
You express yourself and
you're not must be heard.
You don't like to not be heard.
And you have a great
depth of sensitivity
when it comes to the people
you love, and the lack thereof,
at times.
So if somebody
really upsets you,
you can just switch them off.
So the three is a
passionate expressive.
It's throw a plate on
the floor if I'm angry.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
OK.
In the world, we
add one and nine
is 10, plus 6 to 16,
which is 7 plus 9 is
16, which is the seven.
Seven plus what gives us nine?
Two.
So you have two in the shadow.
So your world number is a seven.
So you show up in the world
in trust and openness.
Remember, seven,
we've established,
is the number of
trust and openness,
according to Dan
Millman's system.
So this tells me you need to
go into the world with more
caution.
You need to watch your security,
your personal security.
You need to watch your back.
You need to be vigilant, OK?
So these things are
interesting, because a seven
has eyes on them.
So you need to be
aware of that, OK?
A seven also makes a
difference in the world.
They like humanitarian causes.
They like to give back.
They have a soft spot, OK?
They are softies, actually.
They're deep softies.
They're also often accused
of being secretive,
when actually they just
have some things that
are sacred to them.
Some things are just for you.
They're your tabernacle.
Nobody must trespass.
Trespassers will die, you know?
So that's the interesting
part about a seven.
So let's do one more thing.
Let's say 2022.
What's your year number on
the 17th of the third, 2022.
You're going to have
what number year?
So we add it all together.
We go 1 and 7 is 8,
plus 3 is 11, plus 2.
>> 13.
>> 13 plus 4.
>> 17.
So 1 and 7 is 8.
OK, at your birthday, you
click into a year eight cycle.
So you've been in a year
seven cycle this year,
which will tell me that you've
actually had a need to rest
and recover and recoup.
Seven is a year of
rest and recovery.
As much as it stands
for trust and openness,
it's acknowledging that you need
time to take that sabbatical,
that Sabbath, that moment,
just to restore yourself, OK?
So it's a restorative year.
Two years ago, I lost
sight in this eye,
and then I broke my hip.
So it was two years,
really, of hell.
And then I moved down here.
And the last year has very
much been just to regroup.
>> Yeah.
Restore.
>> Restore, yeah.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When you hit eight, you're
going to look at things like
endings and beginnings.
You're going to look at
what's coming to an end
and what's newly starting.
But you're also going to look
at financial opportunities.
So eight's always about
abundance and power
in the pocket.
Power in the pocket--
big deal.
We need to know that in a year
eight, we make some big cash.
Invariably, people make
big cash in year eight.
In year nine, they
really enjoy the spoils,
and then you start
a new chapter.
So you're either at a place
in your own career trajectory
where you've already
planted all the seeds
and now you're
starting to reap what
you've sown in a year eight.
Or a nice financial
opportunity comes your way
after your birthday.
So you can coast till March.
Restore yourself.
Recover as much as you can.
Take those long beach walks.
But by the time
your birthday comes,
you're in a new financial
cycle, and you're
looking for opportunity.
So 8 plus 3 plus 7 is
10 plus 8 is 18, right?
And 18 makes a 9.
1 plus 8 is 9.
You're a core nine.
So I know instantly, a core
nine with these numbers
around your nine, you
are innately empathic.
So you might need
to protect yourself
from narcissistic type
energies-- people who
want a lot of praise.
What we would also
do is we would
say, from a physical
point of view,
what's the best way to
help your physical body?
Because this is a lot of
metaphysics happening here.
We look at your number,
and it's a complex number.
So we say the biggest number
minus the smallest number.
We say a 7 minus 1 is a 6.
A six, the best way that they
recover their physical body
is contact with others.
So for you, it's
actually very important
to force socialization.
Go and socialize.
Go and have a
drink with someone.
And I can understand why
while you were recovering,
you needed to put all your
energy to your recovery.
But now it's time to
get back out there.
You've got three
months, and then you
need to get back out there.
Part of your
moneymaking experience
is about socializing.
So there's people you're
going to meet in 2022.
Does that make sense?
>> Yes, completely.
>> So that's, in a nutshell,
a Dan Millman quick read.
Ponder on that.
If you've got any
questions, feel
free to phone me at
some stage and just
chat to me about
what you've learned
and what you might be doing
with yourself after March,
after March.
You've got a little grace there.
Just a little grace, so indulge.
OK.
>> This is-- it's mind blowing.
>> Well, good.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So reading Robbie's
numbers was super
fulfilling, because I could see,
as he related to his numbers,
him take a new step forward
in his own outlook of himself.
And I think that's the
power behind numbers.
Is it's a way of identifying
yourself in the world,
and it's also a way of
helping you experience
the world in a richer way.
And reading Robbie
was just a lot of fun.
And I can see he's going
to take those numbers
and really take them to heart,
especially the quick read
we did with Dan Millman,
where he's a 36, 9.
He can live in his 36
and express himself more,
exercise more sensitivity, and
really check in with himself.
Or he can live in
his nine, where
he exercises wisdom
and integrity
in his daily experience and
acknowledging his talents more
rigorously.
And that self-awareness, to be
conscious of the unconscious,
when someone else
mediates for you,
is the power behind numbers.
So for example, for
Robbie, in 2022,
he's stepping into a year
eight after his birthday, which
suggests that he's going to step
into his abundance and power
and possibly make a ton of cash.
Ever hopeful.
He's also going to enjoy
putting some things to bed,
closing chapters, and
opening new things.
So having some new
beginnings in his life
might be just the thing
he needs, especially
given that he had a few
sixes in his triangle, which
was the social aspect.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This whole experience
for me was mind blowing.
There were so many things that
I knew but had almost forgotten
about the way I look at life,
the way I approach things.
Having listened to
what she had to say,
I can readjust and
sort of get back
onto maybe a solid footing,
so the way I approach things
and how to approach
the future, knowing
what she's told me
about myself and how
to interact with others.
Even though I sort
of intrinsically
know it about myself, it's being
reminded as to how I operate,
how I view things.
And just regrouping,
refocusing, and realizing
maybe some of the mistakes I've
made and things I've forgotten.
>> A Dan Millman quick
read, in terms of numbers,
is a super skill to
have in your pocket,
because when you
newly meet somebody,
you can know quickly what
they are, in a nutshell,
in terms of how they operate
in the world and how they
experience the world and what
their innate talents are,
just by doing a number
reduction from their birthday.
And that, for me, has
been an invaluable tool.
It's certainly not
a prescription,
and it's certainly not something
that you can walk around
and essentialize people over.
But at the end of the
day, those numbers
become a vehicle
and an entry point
into knowing a person's
talent set and skill set
so that off the bat there they
can head off into the world
and use those numbers
and their various tools
to their advantage.
When we read numbers in
concert with other numbers,
we glean great insight as to
how they pertain to our lives
or how they can offer
us insight into how
we experience the world.
So when we look at numbers
in relation to one another
in our own readings,
our own number charts,
we see how our tool kits become
so visceral and available to us
and that makes the
world of difference.
Being able to say
I operate my three,
means I operate in expression
and creativity and sensitivity.
Or I operate my
seven, which is I
step into the world
with trust and openness.
If you were to
operate your five,
for example, if you were
a core five, perhaps,
in a Dan Millman
reading, you would
need to operate in a balance
of discipline and freedom.
You need enough discipline
to have enough freedom.
So your fives
often need to dance
between those two sentiments.
So numbers harness
sentiments that
often give us insight into how
we operate within the world,
and that, for me,
is so refreshing.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So there are so
many ways to look
at how these numbers
interact so that you
can have a more fulfilling life,
and that's the bottom line.
It's exciting to
play with numbers.
work with numbers,
and it's exciting to look
at numbers in relation
to others and their numbers.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Understanding symbolic
meanings that correlate
to our existence can help us
unveil underlying patterns
within the universe and reveal
new truths about who we are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]